[RFR] better Readme and doc (#31)
marmelab/postgres-queries: README.md

# postgres-queries

Utility to generate and execute postgresql queries with ease.

## Install

`npm install --save postgres-queries`

## Introduction
Creating query and executing them are two separate concerns. And thus postgres-queries is divided in two parts:
- The pool, that allows to connect to the postgres database and execute query.
- The query builders (insertOne, selectOne, etc..) that allows to generate sql, and the corresponding parameters.

## Documentation

> go to [https://marmelab.com/postgres-queries/](https://marmelab.com/postgres-queries/)

Reviewer: I'm not sure this paragraph is necessary.

## Pool
Extend [node-pg-pool](https://github.com/brianc/node-pg-pool)
Allow to connect to postgresql and execute query
It adds:

> - namedQuery

Reviewer: I suggest to add a link to the doc of the namedQuery function?
Or at least, explain what's its purpose.

> - a link helper to link a query builder to the client.

Reviewer: I didn't understand this sentence.

> An helper to link a query builder to the client.

## Query Builder

> The main idea behind the query builder is to be able to just give a configuration object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main idea behind the query builder is to be able build a query thanks to a configuration object:
```

- the name of a table
- its primary key(s)
- the columns we want to read
- the columns we want to write

> And get a function asking for the query parameter:

Reviewer: It is the result of the query builder?
If yes, I suggest `The builder returns a function which...`

If no, I didn't understand this part.

- id
- data object

> And returning queryData that can be directly passed to the `client.namedQuery` method.

Reviewer: The builder returns a named query which can be passed to ... ?

Some builder even allows to create several builder at once.

> For example the crud query builder give us builders to create queries for all basic crud operations:

Reviewer: I suggest you to split this paragraph into two parts:
- Basic Usage (with a simple query, a small example)
- Advanced Usage (with the crud builder and all the complicated parts)
